README.md, before:

# haskell-sexpr-to-json
Web app that uses haskell to convert S-Expressions to Json.

Requirements: cabal & npm

Live demo available at https://sexpr2json.nassing.fr/

To start the backend:
```
cd back
./start
```

Or if you want to use Docker (not recommended as it takes a lot of time to install cabal dependencies):
```
cd back
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

To start the frontend:
```
cd front
./start
```

Backend and frontend servers will be available at http://localhost:3210/ and http://localhost:3211/ respectively.

You can run the backend on a custom port with `./start <port>` or `cabal run sexpr-to-json <port>`. If you do, you must also change the environment variable `VITE_API_URL` in the `front/.env` file. The port for the frontend can also be modified in the `front/vite.config.js` file.

If you do not want to use the frontend, you can directly test the backend with requests like this:

```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: text/plain;charset=UTF-8" -d '(1 (2A 2.5 2Test3 2..5 \"hello\" my-symbol))' http://localhost:3210/convert
```

This project was made with WSL and probably works with Linux too.

Note: If you are using WSL, you may experience some issues with port forwarding. In that case, run the start files commands manually.

Commit message:

Renamed project to 'sexpr2json' and updated README

README.md, after:

# haskell-sexpr2json

Haskell web app that converts S-Expressions to Json.

Live demo available at https://sexpr2json.nassing.fr/

## Requirements

You will need cabal and npm to run this project.

### Libraries

The following haskell libraries were used in this project :

- `System.Environment.getArgs` to handle command line arguments,
- `Data.Char.isDigit, Text.Read.readMaybe` to parse strings to numbers,
- `Data.List.stripPrefix` to separate strings,
- `Data.Text.Lazy.Text, Data.Text.Lazy.Encoding, Data.Text.Lazy.IO` to handle text and encoding,
- `Web.Scotty, Network.Wai.Middleware.Cors, Network.HTTP.Types.Status` to set up the API.

## Building

To start the backend :
```
cd back
./start
```

Or if you want to use Docker (not recommended as it takes a lot of time to build) :
```
cd back
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

To start the frontend :
```
cd front
./start
```

### Ports

Backend and frontend servers will be available at http://localhost:3210/ and http://localhost:3211/ respectively.

You can run the backend on a custom port with `./start <port>` or `cabal run sexpr-to-json <port>`. If you do, you must also change the environment variable `VITE_API_URL` in the `front/.env` file. The port for the frontend can also be modified in the `front/vite.config.js` file.

If you do not want to use the frontend, you can directly test the backend with requests like this :

```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: text/plain;charset=UTF-8" -d '(1 (2A 2.5 2Test3 2..5 \"hello\" my-symbol))' http://localhost:3210/convert
```

This project was made with WSL and probably works with Linux too.

Note : If you are using WSL, you may experience some issues with port forwarding. In that case, run the start files commands manually.
